reference: add 2 inspection tables (#2261)
pingcap/docs: reference/system-databases/inspection-summary.md

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
desc inspection_summary;
```

```sql
+--------------+-----------------------+------+------+---------+-------+
| Field        | Type                  | Null | Key  | Default | Extra |
+--------------+-----------------------+------+------+---------+-------+
| RULE         | varchar(64)           | YES  |      | NULL    |       |
| INSTANCE     | varchar(64)           | YES  |      | NULL    |       |
| METRICS_NAME | varchar(64)           | YES  |      | NULL    |       |
| LABEL        | varchar(64)           | YES  |      | NULL    |       |
| QUANTILE     | double unsigned       | YES  |      | NULL    |       |
| AVG_VALUE    | double(22,6) unsigned | YES  |      | NULL    |       |
| MIN_VALUE    | double(22,6) unsigned | YES  |      | NULL    |       |
| MAX_VALUE    | double(22,6) unsigned | YES  |      | NULL    |       |
+--------------+-----------------------+------+------+---------+-------+
```

Field description:

* `RULE`: Summary rules. New rules are being added, and you can execute the `select * from inspection_rules where type='summary'` statement to check the latest rule list.
* `INSTANCE`: The monitored instance.

> * `METRIC_NAME`: The monitoring metrics name.

Reviewer: - Please keep the field name consistent with that in the code block.
- Please check the meaning of the this field because it seems inconsistent with the Chinese version `监控表`.
```suggestion
* `METRICS_NAME`: The monitoring metrics name.
```

Author: As confirmed with @reafans, `The monitoring metrics name`  is OK.

* `QUANTILE`: Takes effect on monitoring tables that contain `QUANTILE`. You can specify multiple percentiles by pushing down predicates. For example, you can execute `select * from inspection_summary where rule='ddl' and quantile in (0.80, 0.90, 0.99, 0.999)` to summarize the DDL-related monitoring metrics and query the P80/P90/P99/P999 results. `AVG_VALUE`, `MIN_VALUE`, and `MAX_VALUE` respectively indicate the average value, minimum value, and maximum value of the aggregation.

> **Note:**
>

> > Because summarizing all results causes overhead, the rules in `information_summary` are triggered passively, which means that the specified `rule` is displayed in the SQL predicate before the rule runs. For example, executing the `select * from inspection_summary` statement returns an empty result set. Executing `select * from inspection_summary where rule in ('read-link', 'ddl')` summarizes the read link and DDL-related monitoring metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Because summarizing all results causes overhead, the rules in `information_summary` are triggered passively. That is, the specified `rule` runs only when it displays in the SQL predicate. For example, executing the `select * from inspection_summary` statement returns an empty result set. Executing `select * from inspection_summary where rule in ('read-link', 'ddl')` summarizes the read link and DDL-related monitoring metrics.
```

Usage example:

> Both the diagnosis result table and the diagnosis monitoring summary table can specify the diagnosis time range using `hint`. `select **+ time_range('2020-03-07 12:00:00','2020-03-07 13:00:00') */* from inspection_summary` is the monitoring summary for the `2020-03-07 12:00:00` to `2020-03-07 13:00:00` period. Like the monitoring summary table, you can use the diagnosis result table to quickly find the monitoring items with large differences by comparing the data of two different periods. The following is an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both the diagnosis result table and the diagnosis monitoring summary table can specify the diagnosis time range using `hint`. `select **+ time_range('2020-03-07 12:00:00','2020-03-07 13:00:00') */* from inspection_summary` is the monitoring summary for the `2020-03-07 12:00:00` to `2020-03-07 13:00:00` period. Like the monitoring summary table, you can use the diagnosis result table to quickly find the monitoring items with large differences by comparing the data of two different periods.
```

> You can also diagnose issues existing within a specified range, such as from "2020-01-16 16:00:54.933" to "2020-01-16 16:10:54.933":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following example that diagnoses issues within a specified range, from "2020-01-16 16:00:54.933" to "2020-01-16 16:10:54.933":
```
